Move Layout constants to config. Complete the list. i18n the list. Im… (#3640)
plone/volto: docs/source/configuration/settings-reference.md

    It is recommended to assign the same color to the transition as the destination state, so the user can have the visual hint to which state are they transitioning to.
```

## Views settings

They are exposed in `config.views`:

```{glossary}
:sorted:

layoutViewsNamesMapping
    Plone's layout views are identified by a simple string. This object maps this string with a nice literal (in English as default).

>     These views names are exposed in the `Display` component in the toolbar's `more` menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These view names are exposed in the `Display` component in the toolbar's {guilabel}`more` menu.
```

    The keys are the name of the Plone layout, and the values are the i18n string `id`:

    ```js
    export const layoutViewsNamesMapping = {
      album_view: 'Album view',
      event_listing: 'Event listing',
      full_view: 'All content',
      listing_view: 'Listing view',
      summary_view: 'Summary view',
      tabular_view: 'Tabular view',
      layout_view: 'Mosaic layout',
      document_view: 'Document view',
      folder_listing: 'Folder listing',
      newsitem_view: 'News item view',
      link_redirect_view: 'Link redirect view',
      file_view: 'File view',
      image_view: 'Image view',
      event_view: 'Event view',
      view: 'Default view',
    };
    ```

>     You can customize or this object to add or modify the existing entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can customize this object to add or modify the existing entries.
```
